# DIF Sidetree WG â€“ Rolling Agenda & Minutes

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/dK5_9GRMTI287_qeltUqMw/badge)](https://hackmd.io/dK5_9GRMTI287_qeltUqMw)





[**WG projects** ](https://github.com/decentralized-identity?q=wg-sidetree&type=&language=) | [Mailing list](https://lists.identity.foundation/g/sidetree-wg) | [**Old Meeting page**](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12l4wNkgkDn0tXxTPKB502gRXHa1hd7m0_KyebfRqMAo/edit)

_For this call, you are encouraged to turn your video on. This is a good way to build rapport given we are a large, disparate group experiencing a lot of churn._

_This document is live-edited DURING each call, and stable/authoritative copies live on our github repo under /agenda.md . 
Please note that we might not notice a pull request in time, but you are free to propose agenda items for future meetings via hackmd._

<details>
<summary> Meeting information </summary>

* Before your contribute - [**join DIF**](https://identity.foundation/join) and [sign the WG charter](https://bit.ly/DIF-WG-select1) (both are required!) 
* Time: Every Tuesday, 16:00-17:00 ET
* [Calendar entry](https://calendar.google.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=NGF0bTVpcDFvdXZjcm12M21rNjhsMjY0bHJfMjAyMTAxMjZUMjEwMDAwWiBkZWNlbnRyYWxpemVkLmlkZW50aXR5QG0&tmsrc=decentralized.identity%40gmail.com&scp=ALL)
* [Zoom room](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/82793077031?pwd=NG5qUVhpckp3TmRMTE1EeU1aQkxsZz09), Meeting ID: 827 9307 7031, Password: 201104
</details>

 

#### Future topics: 

<details>
<summary> Topics for upcoming meetings</summary>


</details>

## Meeting - 28 September 2021 - (1600 ET)

- Cancelled due to lack of agenda items.

## Meeting - 14 September 2021 - (1600 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- General Sidetree method coordination discussions
- Future topic status discussion (type property, short equivalent ID)

## Meeting - 03 August 2021 - (1600 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Shortened anchored DID suffix status
- Multibase prefix character
- Discussion about minor spec updates (eg., updating the resolution examples)

## Meeting - 20 July 2021 - (1600 ET)

### Agenda
- Meeting cancelled

## Meeting - 06 July 2021 - (1600 ET)

### Agenda
- Meeting cancelled

## Meeting - 22 June 2021 - (1600 ET)
 
### Attendees

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Discuss shortened DID suffix based on anchor identifier and op index
- Implementation status and coordination discussion


## Meeting - 08 June 2021 - (1600 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Volodymyr Pavlyshyn

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Review type registry strings
- Discuss pruning work item
- Implementation status and coordination discussion

## Meeting - 11 May 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Jace Hensley
- [x] Henk van Cann

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Sidetree DID Type Registry - Daniel (https://github.com/decentralized-identity/sidetree/pull/1120/files)
  - Approved during WG call.
  - Next action: clarify how the type number is related to the Sidetree property value.

## Meeting - 13 April 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Henk van Cann
- [x] Lionello Lunesu (Workday)

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Next work topics

## Meeting - 06 April 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Balazs Nemethi
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Henk van Cann

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Blog post
- Next work topics

## Meeting - 23 March 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Lionello Lunesu (Workday)

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Types (Daniel)

### Notes on Blog Post

Write a post for Sidetree v1
Deadline: April Fools (1st)

#### Outline

- History of project
  - What is it (Troy)
  - How did it start (Daniel)
  - Past posts (Daniel)
- Ratified status (1 paragraph)
- Contributors
  - Org logos
  - Blurb about who they are (1 sentence), and why Sidetree (1 sentence)
- Implementations
  - Intro to blockchain agnostic, interop first (2 sentences)
  - Logos and links to projects
- vNext additions to spec
  - Pruning & Checkpoints (2 sentences)
  - Type table (2 sentences)
  - Light node implementer's guide (2 sentences)




## Meeting - 09 March 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Lionello Lunesu (Workday)
- [x] Jen Schreiber (Workday)

### Agenda
- Welcome / Introductions
- Open PRs
- Tag spec v1.0
- Discussion

* Add a way to set `controller`? (Lionello Lunesu)
    * This was recently added to `add-public-keys` patch action

## Meeting - 02 March 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner
- [x] Andreas Freund
- [x] Lionello Lunesu (Workday)

### Agenda

- Welcome / Introductions
- ION dashboard demo
- Open PRs
- Tag spec v1.0. Agreed to tag EOD today.
- Spec followup: need to add references.
- Discussion of v1.1 (time permitting)

## Meeting - 23 Feb 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner


### Agenda

- Welcome / Introductions
- "Spec v1" tagged issues
- Open PRs

## Meeting - 16 Feb 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Troy Ronda
- [x] Daniel Buchner


### Agenda

- Welcome / Introductions
- "Spec v1" tagged issues
- Open PRs


## Meeting - 9 Feb 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] Daniel Buchner


### Agenda

- Welcome / Introductions
- Sidetree spec finalized
- Notes on KERI folks' review of the spec
- Plans for implementation launch


## Meeting - 18 Jan 2021 - (1500 ET)
 
### Attendees
- [x] (emaiL0)


### Agenda

- Welcome / Introductions
- other topics

